Create Opinion
Use   opinions   to assign a topic of conversation, founded upon a belief you hold.
Opinion
Describe your belief in detail.

Create Photo
Use   photographic files   to see amazing things.
Photo
Create a playlist of photographic files.
Contents
Describe what people will see in these photographic files.

Create Pledge
Use   pledges   to organize support, funding or guidance towards a cause in need.
Pledge
Describe the cause you are asking support, funding or guidance for.
Instructions
Add details for pledge contributions to this cause, such as monetary information or other relevant obligations depending on the type of support being offered.
Recipients
Describe who this pledge is for, and how supporting it in any way will help achieve something, that could not be possible without contributions to this cause.
Updates
Describe what has happened since this pledge was created, enticing people to make informed decisions accordingly.

Create Projection
Use   projections   to go above and beyond the information at hand, in ways vision itself finds newsworthy.
Projection
Describe your theoretical knowledge, based on data that is being developed, alongside ideas of progress that you are aware of, in regards to your forecast.
Forecast
Describe the projection in detail, that you are wanting to make, in regards to an event of any kind.
Prediction
Describe how your forecast will be most likely implemented, according to this theoretical projection.
Review
Describe how events have unfolded, relating to the intent, design or activity of this projected forecast.

Create Question
Use   questions   to obtain knowledge, that cannot be found anywhere else.
Question
What do you want to know more about? Ask the community anything...

Create Quote
Use   quotes   for messages of motivation.
Topic
What type of content does this quote reference?
Quote
Add your quote here.
Author
The author of the quote.

Create Recipe
Use   recipes   to create repeatable replications of any kind.
Formula
Describe your recipe in as much detail as you can, in the context of an idea, change or event brought to life.
Steps
Explain all of the steps involved to put things in motion for this recipe.
Counter Steps
Explain what to substitute if anything, that this recipe is compatible with, in order to get the same or a similar result.
Help
Provide extra support options as needed to other community contributors for this recipe.

Create Request
Use   requests   to ask for something already in existence to be shared with you.
Request
Describe what you need in as much detail as you can.
Preference
Explain how best this request if implemented will be able to impact or reach you.
Connect
Provide necessary ways of achieving the best result that you would prefer to engage with someone through working out a plan to resolve this request, so long as it is attainable.

Create Review
Use   reviews to let others know about something important which you have experienced that others may get to explore themselves in the near future.
Review
Describe what you are reviewing and why you feel this way about it.
Improvements
Provide suggestions or feedback based on further changes that could be made to make the experience better for someone else, in the context of this review.

Create Story
Use   stories   to create memorable books of both fictional and real content.
Chapters
Add as many chapters to this story as you like, and interactively engage viewers upon a journey like no other.

Create Video
Use   video files   to watch amazing things.
Video
Create a playlist of video files.
Description
Describe what content people will watch when viewing these video files.

Create Wish
Use   wishes   to reveal your dreams to the world.
Desires
This is what I dream of, and why.
Hopes
This is how I would make the most use out of my wish, if it came true.
Benefits
This is how other people would benefit who support me by having this wish be implemented, that I know of.
Promises
Add a prayer to your wish.
Requests
Describe in detail your willingness to accept an invitation for contributing to such a desire, if you were offered the opportunity to manifest it in part with someone else.
