Interfold Community
Where Freedom Thrives
General Interactions
Members of our forum collectively congregate and collaborate on topics of the day.
Greetings For Newcomers
Welcome visitors who are new and actively returning to our forum.
Say Hello
Keep it simple, inquire about others or start your own biography if you want to reach out.
Community Icebreakers
Be bold, adventurous and brave all at once.
Say Goodbye
Only if you are leaving, though, as it's the polite thing to do.
Say Thank You
Thanks to someone, for something.
Say Yes
For something you enjoy, or an idea you agree with.
Say No
To an idea you disagree with, or to implement a better change in place of current circumstances.
Say Help
When you need it, for anything.
Say Create
To build something you care about, and find support with others of like mind to assist you in making it happen with plans already in motion.
Seekers Requests
If you are in need of something, let our community help and give advice where possible.
Prayer
For sending positive, well meaning vibes for healing events, people and things as needed towards a better chance at recovery.
Guidance
Possible plans that can help you move forward with decisive action, if interested.
Concern
Start the process of intervention, awareness or outreach for an event, person or object through discovery towards the path of active change.
Collaboration
Find another with time to spend on a project like minded interest puts in motion.
Retrieval
Find something special you are looking for.
Offerings
For anyone feeling generous, to pass a special gift forward to those in need.
Goals That Matter
If you are determined to make a difference, post your progress, commitment or desire for change.
Implemented Goals
Plans that have matured along the way, which have brought intermittent success, failure and change through progress.
Routine Goals
From monitoring habits, to moderating addictive intentions, it is all here.
Recommended Goals
When choosing between different paths of implementation, go with your informed instincts.
Possible Goals
Things you think about doing, but have not committed to achieving yet.
Material Goals
Putting plans in motion with a definite vision in mind.
Abstract Goals
Plans that have matured beyond the active discussion phase, but do not yet have a time of implementation set.
Bothersome Goals
Events you want to set in motion, but are facing significant barriers to overcoming a clear path forward.
Goal Suggestions
Creating new ideas for future plans of direct implementation.
Proactive Ideas
Similar agendas that have more than one path to establishing an intended result, which are currently in motion at the crossroads.
Currently Unobtainable
Goals which have no pathway towards materialization, stuck in the ether, or that are facing certain stagnation in multiple ways.
Questions And Answers
Knowledge unveiled for any topic that comes to mind.
Ask The Community
Post a question or write an answer in reply to one already added.
Complete A Challenge
Challenges, unlike goals, are things you ask yourself, how far will your progress lead to victory for personal benefit.
Polls And Votes
Localized consensus on popular opinions explained.
Start A Poll
Create sets of popular opinions, surveys or feedback by asking people about established growing trends.
Test The Vote
Create a quiz that informs others about a perception of anything, and vote to see how well you do.
Change My Mind
Test how open you are to new ideas, objective understanding and subjective contemplation.
Games
An interactive way to pass the time with other people using words, concepts and calculations.
Fun And Play
For what it is worth, using words, concepts and strategy, calculate your odds of winning some trophies to pass the time with other people.
Points
Play for fame, popularity or to show your activity level during times of great lulls in conversation.
Mastery
Take full command over the ephemeral in every way, by challenging your opponents to a truth or dare, to really make the moment count.
Video Games
Okay, we get it, you miss the arcade, so hang out with others and discuss something fun to do.
Memes
With or without AI involved, create a joke that is too funny to pass up believing in for half a second or so, as in the troll owned itself.
Theater
Play acting, role playing, character building, it is all the same thing really, especially when interacting with other members while doing so.
Make It Make Sense
Challenge the outset of belief, with the inset of disbelief with your friends.
Pass It Forward
Keep creating idea threads, until someone implements one then start a new thread, until the longest one gets more done than that.
Recognize Your Neighbor
Try to guess the name of the person you have interacted with behind the screen, by sharing details that that person would agree with without revealing who they are, then start a new thread when another member gets it right.
Emotion Of The Day
Start a community icebreaker challenge when you bet on the mood of the player or thread starter, if you get it right, you win a custom reward delivered in private message to you, by another member who got it wrong, who must then start their own thread to keep the challenge going.
Surprise Replies
Where members trade stories based on real life events they have mastered a skill in, by replying directly to each other in a massive thread.
Counteractive
Discover the act, discover the cure, by replying with the opposite idea to the one mentioned previously, interlinking the two of them together with a bridge that becomes the next opposite, controlled by the counteractive reply.
Never Have I Ever Until
A modern twist to the never have I ever game, where you reveal your first time for everything you would either consider doing, or have actually done, with the goal being to guess whether it happened yet or not.
Spirit Box
Post a message as a new thread, then continue to guess the message origin to see if it came from the same spirit willing to share more info from another person as a reply, if not, then it came from Earth.
Not A Lie Until
Start a new topic about something you have lied about for the first time, and let people guess the reason why you had to cover up the truth, bonus points if you post the truth as a reply.
Is It Worth It
The game starts by identifying a concept, then having another member reply to it to see if it already exists by their own implementation of how they'd create it from idea to reality, bonus points for correct answers.
Activity Feed
Everything, everywhere, all at once, featuring all posts by our members.
Lounge Area
For anything off topic, undecided or even a little taboo if you are unsure.
Active Debates
Got something to say?
Personal Rants
The act of therapy, is being heard with a plan to change stagnation, turning hurt into hope for change.
Soul Searching
For anyone who is skilled at anything.
Popular Movements
Start a petition, or raise awareness.
In Real Life
Yes, you can do all that, but what about in real life?
Locate A Friend
So, you want to meet up?
Virtual Meetings
Plan to start a live call with anyone who wants to join from the community.
Physical Meetings
Share your approximate location, and find others near you who would like to hang out together from the community (remember to use general safety tips) as they apply here.
Psychic Meetings
A fun way to prank, or predate, your friends in the community, all you have to do is guess how things went and see who connected the strongest to the over all theme of the meeting.
Purposeful Meetings
Post reasons why you want to connect with someone, then arrange a meeting with whom ever replies and is interested in communicating in this way.
Scheduled Meetings
Plan a meeting with others around whatever you want, whenever you like, in which ever format you prefer to connect with other community contributors.
Join A Group
Can be virtual or physical, as a gathering of people united for a common cause.
Member Groups
Very active threads, where each one is dedicated to its owner, one per owner.
Interest Groups
Very active threads, one per custom topic of discussion, ran by the thread creator.
Live Streams
Share when ever a live event is happening, one thread per instance, recurring or otherwise.
Sponsor Us
Help off set the cost of our hosting, by donating your time, contributions and or money to keep people connected.
Sponsorship
Donate, advertise or promote the forum in some way, in order to help us support you in return, all you have to do is show interest, then let us reply with further details.
Notify Everybody
Advertise announcements that matter to all who call our forum home.
Announcements
Administrative and community shout outs for everyone to get involved in all we have to offer, as an actively growing, online community where freedom thrives.
Recurring Connections
Showcasing a common need to update very prolific topics of information, as they continue to grow.
Developing Stories
Things that take time to fully complete.
News
Important updates, effecting a particular focus through specific types of consistency, using different angles of perspectives, both broadly and close at hand.
Rallies
Drawing a crowd has never been easier.
Causes
Start a campaign, and see how well it performs with other members.
Elections
Designed to be matched with other sections of this forum, elections works with causes, rallies and selections to determine the best results for a particular idea once events have been set in motion.
Selections
Designed to work with other forum sections of this category, selections work with rallies and causes to determine the best results of a particular election candidacy as discovered by the community.
Transgressions
Start a movement on anything you want, from scratch and a set of brand new ideas, where your challenge is to make sure you aren't its only solitary leader.
Competitions
Follow or lead your own races, not just for dominance, but to align strategy with progress, for the betterment of goals readily sought for.
Scores
Anchor points of reference, that are actively in motion, and not forgotten about.
Continual Focus
Interactive sets of courses, training and guidance to move progress forward.
Courses
Create a series of threads, guiding interested course goers on a journey of life leading lessons.
Training
Ask, study and learn about topics of research discovered through courses or other areas of information that could become one in time.
Learning
Study, research and develop ideas that could evolve to grow into course or training material sets.
Growing
Test thoroughly, your knowledge of any particular interest with other members of the community.
Studies
A study is a collection of ideas that can be replicated into predictable outcomes, grouped by relativity, all you have to do is start creating lists of posts where these appear for further research.
Research
Challenge or critically analyze accepted methods of change, to adapt new ways of success into focus, all you have to do is pick a subject at hand and create a post about it in depth.
Development
Building plans of focus, into a tool for growth, discussions in this category analyze the best pathway forward on anything that comes to mind which has not yet already been done.
Planning
Also known as the blueprint of a final outcome, create or review ones of interest.
Mapping
Likely the most important sign that ideas you bring to the table are evolving from an insightful concept to proactive foresight, transitioning from many possible incomes, to a single predictable outcome, build yours here.
Progression
Straight forward, simple and effective, every step of the way, we document ours as it happens, adapting change along the way to victory.
News
Syndicated and hand picked articles of interest, referencing change occurring around us.
Physical Activities
Showcasing interest in local and regional events that are happening now.
Health
All things necessary for the well being of people, so that interconnected consciousness can thrive.
Food
Share tips, recipes and tasty meal ideas.
Science
Discover the latest ideas brought into the material world.
Events
Start here to organize a memorable event in motion.
Metaphysical Updates
Connecting intuitive spiritual insight to active physical foresight, using psychic intent.
Meditation
The process of discovering who you truly are and what all exists beyond the abstract and material plane through psychic connection.
Channelled Guidance
Some call it automatic writing, messages from spirit, or ether contact, the process of connecting your third eye and crown chakra to another entity.
Higher Self
Also called the out of body presence, or the you linked within the auric field of the body you possess.
Cosmic Exploration
Connect to the great beyond with others who are interested, for a journey of enlightenment beyond the physical realm.
Spiritual Science
The possible origin point for all of philosophy.
Formulas
Like recipes, formulas in a spiritual sense help you keep track of repeatable events that you can experience when out of body travelling or setting up events going to and from yourself.
Grimoires
A grimoire, book of recipes, or collection of personal attachments, are things you keep on hand, when replicating steps to achieve a certain outcome metaphysically, in an effort to gather, control and release the flow of energy at will.
Magic
The placement of plasma into states of chakra awareness for the purpose of directing psychic projections.
Marketplace
Promote anything you want, or bookmark your interests, in our interactive tiny economy.
Money
Request, buy, offer and sell as needed in our marketplace.
Economy
A general overview of updates showing how well our local marketplace is doing, with help from the community.
Buyers
People are ready to buy something meaningful, all you have to do is state what you are looking for and the price you are willing to spend to get it, as well as how you would prefer to receive the item.
Sellers
People are ready to purchase new products, all you have to do is specify the description of the item, and reveal the terms of sale, as well as how to start the process in a manner you would prefer.
Gifts
Offer, send and receive special considerations.
Givers
Send somebody a gift, all you have to do is display the item on offer, and then let recipients reply if interested, once done, you can personalize it later as discussions progress to the terms of choice you agree upon to finalize.
Recipients
Opt into the gift program, all you have to do is say as much, bonus points for specifying your interests ahead of time, and then discuss with other people who have done the same.
Promotions
Discover, share and search for anything you feel is important to reference.
Deals
Share something special if you want to impress, or find and discuss special things you have come across.
Trials
Feedback is important, at any and every stage of a life cycle, and yours is no exception.
Considerations
To consider something, you have to be exposed to personally benefiting from its effect in some way, in order to implement it in another, as your understanding of it is key.
Intentions
Build it and they will come, think of it and you will make a purpose for yourself, implement it and the rest is history, starting with manifesting its design, to make it a thing worth being.
Interests
Cultivate, regulate and curate limitless possibilities together with other co-creators.
Hobbies
Pleasure comes in two forms, being and doing, to which hobbies focus on building with both in mind, including yours.
Projects
To install yourself, is to apply vision to focus, by which you master its trajectory, and others help it to be known, by turning potential things into projected streams in motion.
Newly Known
Something often cherished by many, is the freshness of active curation, to which you are the centerpiece of change to implement this in your own way, discuss here.
Fame
To anyone who asks, famous people are known by their commitment to excellence, you most of all.
Ideas
Share and envision a better future with others who can make dreams come true with our collective efforts.
Insight
Seen as the most valuable of any thought, insight is the omni directional camera seeing the progression of your creations through the process of acceptance and beyond, share them here.
Foresight
Unlike insight, foresight is known for the separation of ideas into active and passive progress, the former of which is its specialty, share yours here.
Hindsight
Unlike insight, hindsight is known for the separation of ideas into active and passive progress, the latter of which is its specialty, share yours here.
Sidesight
Unlike insight, sidesight is known for the unification of progress generated using foresight and hindsight, the culmination of events which follows this trajectory is its specialty, share yours here.
Outsight
Complementing insight, is the unification of attachments to related progress, known as outsight, using similar ideas to yours which happen at the onset, or offset, of expected change, share yours here.
Anglesight
The total opposite to insight, where the fluidity rather than the solidity of vision, allows for a regeneration of an idea from within its own outer static nature, as opposed to relying upon an inner rigidity to match an outer dynamic shell, share yours here.
Ideas
Regardless of what visual analysis you use, your creations are special, share them here.
Ideals
Regardless of what ideas you come up with, a single ideal can change as many lives as it touches upon first contact, consistency and vibrancy can be key, share yours here.
Bookmarks
Save, rearrange and add lists of items.
Sites Of Interest
Sharing motivational posts as links to social media, can be a forum adventure of sorts, where our community curates interests of a viral kind, add yours here.
Pages Of Interest
Provide central locations to places, companies, or people you enjoy most.
Distant Innovations
A special reservation for things you know are under active development, and want to keep close at hand.
Reminders
For broadcasting, asking and organizing events with others.
Custom Notifications
Unlike generative actions prompting interaction by you, custom notifications let you control what they consist of, as a reminder to those you have connected with, so feel free to be creative, as it is all a part of the fun.
Curated Interests
Collaborate on things that inspire you, by opting into mutual lists that go deeper than friendships on other social networks, to make the most of your forum contacts, as curated interests allow you to define lists of participants directly in ways that matter.
Created Lists
Look at these from time to time, in order to measure how relevant each item you add is in your day to day life or livelihood if you feel so inclined to share such a thing with others.
General Reminders
Come what you came for, the ability to save information you do not have to remember alone.
Alerts
Be the first to notify people by sounding the alarm, on anything that sparks your fancy.
First Impressions
Whether you are a whistle blower, or a content creator, discover the promise of being the first to let others know about particular events, and gather feedback accordingly.
Popular Relays
Mirrors of content distributed elsewhere, or made popular by our own forum running in parallel for the purpose of exposure.
Love At First Glance
Content which tends to go viral after awhile in other categories, showcasing popularity by interactive interest.
Important Alerts
If there is something going on that needs immediate attention, share it here.
General Alerts
Promoting resolved attentiveness, for matters that have achieved a complete and or favorable resolution, with help from other community contributors.
Creative Content
Showcase your talents with others who enjoy getting to know them.
Dreams
Make sleep numb again, make life worth something for friends.
Dreams
Share things you remember coming into and out of states of conscious awareness, focus or clarity with others.
Nightmares
Sometimes, the nights can be long, rough and hard to manage, discuss yours.
Daydreams
A daydream is something to take for granted, not give up on because someone notices you are not paying attention, explore your boredom with others.
Pipe Dreams
A pipe dream is like a daydream, but in reverse, as it repeats itself like a song stuck in your head, that you consciously control while you are awake, share yours here.
Lucid Dreams
A type of dream meditation hybrid, where thoughts you think about before falling asleep, manifest personal realities afterwards, with the goal being to subconsciously manipulate the dream itself, share your journeys here.
Life Dreams
A life long dream, is to slowly advance yourself into a career of your choice, using a combination of conscious and subconscious mentalities to get there, share yours.
Quick Dreams
Short snippets of thought that run around in your head all night long, which disappear on you before you can catch the purpose as to why you floated upon them, discuss yours.
Dream Bating
For the advanced practitioners of dream walking, a dream bating exercise is to attempt to turn lucid dreaming into a question, then a challenge, then an acceptance for change, share your progress.
Influence
Located at the intersection of inspiration, motivation and aspiration, here we make our own come alive.
Motivation
A call to act, connect and establish yourself.
Inspiration
Follow those who lead, and lead those who follow.
Aspiration
Watch from a distance, how leaders unite for a common cause and interact accordingly with you in mind.
Preparation
To be prepared, means you have to accept learning about what kind of knowledge solidifies your need to utilize it in a common setting of your choice.
Influence
The act of remaining relevant to change.
Reverence
Where influence turns into fame by a factor of popularity at scale.
Cultivation
the finalization of motivation into action.
Contemplation
the study and results of great motivation after it has been implemented.
Correlation
Correlation brings together the force of aspiration, the purpose of influence, alongside the goal of motivation to inspire you.
Dedication
The unwavering support given to affluence in need.
Vocation
The promise of movement through different states of influence in motion.
Comedy
In truth, a joke is just a recreated juxtaposition of old news rebranded as new in passing, again and again, as our interactive art of sarcastic banter.
Comedy
Laughter is a universal medicine, be it coming from a joke or an unexpected pleasure, you can find all sorts of fun here as it is created by fellow comedians of all kinds.
Jokes
Contribute to comedy sets, by adding your own.
Sets
Create your own show, from a list of lighthearted talking points.
Collaborations
Work together on creating a show, set or joke.
Topics
Add or vote on your favorite things you would like someone to joke about.
Amusement
For jokeless comedy skits, or general laughter invoking cuteness overload based phenomena you will not find easily available anywhere else.
Stories
Interactive writing and character development at its finest.
Character Development
An interactive way to co-author stories, by collaborating on different character traits for a common plot.
Role Divergence
The act of furthering a story line, one post at a time person by person.
Plot Development
Work together on establishing a common goal, for a brand new thriller that cannot wait to be devoured.
Stories
They are livelihoods, both real and imagined, as a collection of memories cemented in imagination and interest, share yours here.
Series
For stories that need more time to develop, share yours here.
Poetry
Enlighten others within the realms of mystical revelation, through words of wisdom.
Poetry
From songs, to spoken word, to emotional ballads you never heard, we invite you to share your calling, as we come together every morning.
Styles
Collaborate on unique kinds, or common ones that you may find.
Art
Discover, share and engage with artists.
Drawings
Capturing the heart of a scene in a single image, design or share your favorite creations.
Paintings
The background centerpiece of an important room, design or share your favorite creations.
Sculptures
The foreground centerpiece of an important room, design or share your favorite creations.
Moulds
Coming in many great sizes, from tattoos, to statues, and everything in between, design or share your favorite creations.
Art
Made by wonderful artists, for art lovers, discover mystical symbolism, memes, AI prompts, fictional fandom characters, real sketches, and more, design or share your creations.
Animations
Bring your art to life, with any kind of special 2D, 3D or hybrid effects.
Passion
Limitless, boundless, infinite, brought into being, by you, lets build something art worthy together.
Beautiful
Art dressed to impress, is truly something to behold, especially when it is your own favorites on display.
Photos
Sometimes scenery just has to be captured at the right moment.
Avatars
Share your custom avatars, if you want people to rate them.
People
Share photos mainly focused upon the people in them, and what they are doing.
Places
Share photos about events going on, or environments central to, points of interest that others may like to visit.
Things
Share photos about different objects, which are central to other kinds of memories special to their purpose within them.
Albums
Share lists of photos you feel are important to group together.
Music
Interactive playlists of dance material, tuned to personal preference of course.
Songs
Share anything from any artist, in any style or genre and find tastes in common with others.
Playlists
Curate your own playlists.
Other Recordings
Add other audio recordings here.
Videos
Watch until the very end, try not to skip.
People
Share videos based upon what people are doing in them.
Places
Share videos about events, or environments, referencing points of interest where memories were born, encouraging a visit by others.
Things
Share videos relating to an object of active focus.
Collections
Collect videos and post them in a series where appropriate, as referenced accordingly to topics of focus.
Apps
Let loose the inner coder in you, or share apps that help routine tasks become interesting.
Programs
Share the ones you use on your device, and why, discover common favorites.
Avoid
Share the apps you know are popular, but do not use, and why, discover community awareness.
Resources
Where all of our information comes from, as a reference area.
Community Library
Discover a unique collection of materials you will not easily find support for, or cannot request anywhere else.
Documentaries
Series of videos, photos or mixed content explaining interactive subject matter.
Books
Articles of great knowledge, where information on pages flows like water.
Links
Attachments to content libraries we ourselves put together.
Social Media
References to accounts that can be accessed through various large interactive networks of people.
Facebook
Connect with people using Facebook, Messenger, Instagram, Threads, What's App and other Meta platforms.
Twitter
Connect with people using X, formally Twitter.
Blue Sky
Connect with people on Blue Sky.
Mastodon
Connect with other people on Mastodon.
Teams
Connect with people who use Teams, Linked In, Git Hub and other Microsoft platforms like Skype.
Discord
Connect with people who uses Discord.
Telegram
Connect with other people on Telegram.
Signal
Connect with people who use signal.
Chat Sites
Connect with people who primarily run their own or utilize custom chat servers such as Matrix, Nextcloud, IRC, Jabber and other chat rooms.
Reddit
Connect with people who uses Reddit.
Quora
Connect with people who uses Quora.
Forum Sites
Connect with people who shares content on other forums across the web, or who runs their own groups on other social platforms.
Blog Sites
Connect with other people who primarily shares content on other blog sites, such as Substack, Tumblr, Patreon, Ko-fi, etc.
News Sites
Connect with people who enjoy news from various public and private sources from various locations around the world.
Book Sites
Connect with people who love to write or read, on knowledge sites like Fiction Press, Wikipedia, various community libraries and other book distribution platforms.
Photo Sites
Connect with people who use Deviant Art, Flickr, Picasa etc.
Audio Sites
Connect with people that enjoy engaging with audio content on music and podcast sites like Spotify, Deezer, Soundcloud and others.
Video Sites
Connect with people who share content on platforms like live streams, TikTok, Youtube, Vimeo, Daily Motion, Rumble, Twitch, etc.
Code Sites
Connect with people that enjoy coding or building programs, on technical sites like Git Hub, Stack Overflow, Super User and other app distribution platforms.
Topical Sites
Connect with people familiar with purpose driven content sites on the internet, such as marketing, finance, interest groups and other independently managed day to day web activity distribution platforms.
Other Sites
Connect with people who love to explore other various sites across the web, such as AI, torrent networks and other independent content distribution platforms.
