Create Agreement
Use   agreements   to form mutual benefits for completing work which may otherwise not get accomplished.
Job
Describe the job that is needed, in as much detail as you can.
Provisions
Describe any mutual benefits to this agreement that come with the job implementation process as commitment happens.
Considerations
Add things to consider regarding this agreement, that the job may entail from time to time, which may get overlooked but are important to keep in mind.

Create Article
Use   articles   for time-sensitive content like news, press releases or blog posts.
Avatar
Set an avatar or theme for your post.
Body
The content of your post.

Create Audio
Use   audio files   to hear amazing sounds.
Audio
Create a playlist of audio files.
Contains
Describe the content of what people will hear in these audio files.

Create Basic Page
Use   basic pages   for your static content, such as an 'About us' page.

Create Biography
Use   biographies   to introduce yourself to the community.
Introduction
Discuss your personal biography in detail.
Impressions
Describe your community impressions, in ways that your feedback can be used at any time to implement improvements. We are here to help you out, if you need it.

Create Category
Use categories to list content into links of relativity.
Category
Create or utilize the most relevant categories for your post, by tagging it in a content list. There are three ways to do this.
Example 1, single word phrases separated by a comma and a space: Amsterdam, 
Example 2, phrases containing spaces with a comma added at the end of the last word followed by a space: Mexico City, 
Example 3, phrases wrapped in quotes containing a comma inside the phrase followed by a comma and a space after the closing quote: "Cleveland, Ohio", 

Create Concern
Use   concerns   to voice care for projects of passion, that volunteer contributors like yourself appreciate.
Concern
Describe your passion in regards to an actively ongoing project accepting volunteer contributions, including your own.
Issues
Describe the work you have done to further the goal of this volunteer project, that you are concerned for.
Care
Describe the type of care that is regularly needed or sought for, in order to stabilize and grow this project of passion further.
Contribute
Add details for any position open to new volunteers, concerning any assistance that is needed with this project.
Project
Add recruitment information to help this project gain new volunteer contributors.

Create Debate
Use   debates   to have civil arguments with people about opposing views, while finding things in common that can make improvements to ideas, so that change can be implemented for the better.
Argument
Describe an attachment to purpose that you feel passionate about, enough to have a civil argument on, while keeping an open mind for opposition.
Debate
Describe what you are, and are not willing to address as talking points for this civil argument.
Aftermath
Describe how this debate is going, by periodically updating your point of view, as it, you and others exchange perspectives around this civil argument.

Create Discussion
Use   discussions   to gather initial feedback, on ideas generated by community interest.
Discuss
Describe in detail any idea that comes to mind, in relation to this topic of conversation.
Experience
Describe feedback, knowledge or insight that you intend to discover, while sharing your own thoughts and experiences relevant to this topic of conversation with other people.

Create Document
Use   documents   to read amazing things.
Document
Create a folder of document files.
Overview
Describe what people will read when opening these documents.

Create Embed
Use   file embeds   to remotely display media from other sources across the web.
Embed
Create a playlist of remote media files. Please note that we have no control over when and or if media embeds will no longer remain online.
Featuring
Describe what people will be able to enjoy when viewing these file embeds. We will do our best to cache media in the event the embed source fails to load.

Create Event
Use   events   to organize, plan and orchestrate real moments of timeless continuity.
Event
Add relevant information about this event.
Live
Select the date and time, when this event begins and ends.
Plan
Describe what will happen during the event, as a schedule of things to do.
Attendance
Provide location, connection and contact information for any interested people that want to attend this event.
Requirements
Add any necessary expectations of commitment that might be needed or asked for, by all attendees of this event.
Obligations
Add some things to do, like enticing incentives or extra special contributions that attendees can look forward to while they are gathered together, in order to further the cause, purpose and reason for going to this event.
Vision
Describe your experience at an event like this, to others who may not know what to expect.
Role
Describe what role you play at this event, and the other roles available for different attendees to fulfill if applicable.
Outlook
For the uninitiated, describe what kind of impact an event like this has on the wider community, and how important it is to those who participate.

Create File
Use   file attachments   to display archives of importance that can be saved to your device.
File
Create a folder of files.
Containing
Describe what these attached files contain.

Create Game
Use   games   to interactively engage community contributors with creative trivia.
Rules
Describe the game in detail, and include any rules players have to follow to score a win.
Scores
Periodically update the score as the game gets popular, attracting more players.

Create Goal
Use   goals   to implement change, in order to set yourself and or others up for success later on.
Goal
Describe the change you will commit to, and the focus you need to plan for, in order to help you achieve the success you want to make happen.
Progress
Add your progress you have made along the way, until your goal is fully implemented.
Challenges
Describe the challenges you are facing, and your plan to overcome each one. It is okay to collect feedback, and ask for help if you need to. No goal is met by one person alone.

Create Group
Use   groups   to share lists of content that relate to a particular topic of interest for greater analysis.
Info
Describe the content and purpose of this group.
People
Add links to the profiles of people in our community including yourself, who have contributed content relating to the purpose of this group.
Posts
Add links to other posts in our community, including your own, that relates to the purpose of this group.
Replies
Add links to replies in our community, including your own, that relate to the purpose of this group.
Media
Add links to media in our community, including your own, that relates to the purpose of this group.
Files
Add links to files in our community, that relates to the purpose of this group.
Topics
Add links to other content categories in our community, that relate to the purpose of this group.
Links
Add links to content stored anywhere on the web, including in our community, that relate to the purpose of this group.

Create Guide
Use   guides   to create course materials.
Section
Add as many sections to your guide as is required, for the material to be presented properly.

Create Idea
Use   ideas   to organize your thoughts into plans of action, intent and focus.
Idea
Describe the idea you have come up with, as it relates to something obtainable through your own efforts, research or commitment to purpose.
Evolution
To the best of your ability, provide in detail the steps you believe to be required, in order to shape this idea into reality as you see it unfolding.
Accommodation
Describe the difficulty in getting this idea to market, if you were to do so alone.
Value
If your idea has been implemented, add the numeric value that best represents its purpose in action.
Purpose
As need grows into demand, describe the meaning of the value provided above, whereby this idea holds true to purpose the most, throughout its implementation if applicable.

Create Interest
Use   interests   to assign lifestyle and culture, to hobbies and projects which appeal to you.
Interest
Describe a missing part of your life that you want to reclaim, through people, places and things.
Seeking
Describe the most relevant aspects of your interest that can best help you discover a match to what you are searching for, in correlation with a person, place or thing.
Attraction
Describe what attracts you to this interest in the context of a person, place or thing, including ideas that you are aware of.
Detraction
Describe what detracts you from this interest in the context of a person, place or thing, including ideas that you are aware of.
Progression
How much are you involved in doing something about obtaining your desires as they relate to this interest, in the context of a person, place or thing.

Create Journal
Use   journals   to document your life experience.
Entries
You can add as many entries as you like to your journal.

Create Memory
Use   memories   to display stories of great importance, revealing the events contained within.
Memory
Describe the story that unfolded, which made this memory so special to you.
Reference
Add the date, time and place, where this memory came into being.
Replication
Say if there is anything you would, could or should have changed to recreate a different result, than the one that already happened.

Create Mood
Use   moods   to share how you feel, alongside the cause for your emotion.
Mood
Add your emotions based around people, places, things or ideas, and share why you feel that way for each one.

Create Note
Use   notes   to create a task list of things in motion.
Note
Add a note, task list, reminder, or emotion, as a contemporary state of focus to address sometime soon.

Create Opinion
Use   opinions   to assign a topic of conversation, founded upon a belief you hold.
Opinion
Describe your belief in detail.

Create Photo
Use   photographic files   to see amazing things.
Photo
Create a playlist of photographic files.
Contents
Describe what people will see in these photographic files.

Create Pledge
Use   pledges   to organize support, funding or guidance towards a cause in need.
Pledge
Describe the cause you are asking support, funding or guidance for.
Instructions
Add details for pledge contributions to this cause, such as monetary information or other relevant obligations depending on the type of support being offered.
Recipients
Describe who this pledge is for, and how supporting it in any way will help achieve something, that could not be possible without contributions to this cause.
Updates
Describe what has happened since this pledge was created, enticing people to make informed decisions accordingly.

Create Projection
Use   projections   to go above and beyond the information at hand, in ways vision itself finds newsworthy.
Projection
Describe your theoretical knowledge, based on data that is being developed, alongside ideas of progress that you are aware of, in regards to your forecast.
Forecast
Describe the projection in detail, that you are wanting to make, in regards to an event of any kind.
Prediction
Describe how your forecast will be most likely implemented, according to this theoretical projection.
Review
Describe how events have unfolded, relating to the intent, design or activity of this projected forecast.

Create Question
Use   questions   to obtain knowledge, that cannot be found anywhere else.
Question
What do you want to know more about? Ask the community anything...

Create Quote
Use   quotes   for messages of motivation.
Topic
What type of content does this quote reference?
Quote
Add your quote here.
Author
The author of the quote.

Create Story
Use   stories   to create memorable books of both fictional and real content.
Chapters
Add as many chapters to this story as you like, and interactively engage viewers upon a journey like no other.

Create Video
Use   video files   to watch amazing things.
Video
Create a playlist of video files.
Description
Describe what content people will watch when viewing these video files.

Create Wish
Use   wishes   to reveal your dreams to the world.
Desires
This is what I dream of, and why.
Hopes
This is how I would make the most use out of my wish, if it came true.
Benefits
This is how other people would benefit who support me by having this wish be implemented, that I know of.
Promises
Add a prayer to your wish.
Requests
Describe in detail your willingness to accept an invitation for contributing to such a desire, if you were offered the opportunity to manifest it in part with someone else.
